add output, deployment and clean up content (#6115)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/terraform/content/deployment@pjmOK1MEMnIV_zAlaOF01.md

# Deployment

> Deploying Terraform-defined infrastructure involves several key steps: Initialize the working directory with 'terraform init’, review changes with 'terraform plan’ and, apply the configuration using 'terraform apply'

Author: ```suggestion
Deploying Terraform-defined infrastructure involves several key steps: Initialize the working directory with 'terraform init’, review changes with 'terraform plan’ and, apply the configuration using 'terraform apply'.
```

> Deploying Terraform-defined infrastructure involves several key steps: Initialize the working directory with 'terraform init’, review changes with 'terraform plan’ and, apply the configuration using 'terraform apply'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying Terraform-defined infrastructure involves several key steps: 

- Initialize the working directory with `terraform init` 
- Review changes with `terraform plan` 
- Apply the configuration using `terraform apply`.

You can learn more from the following resources:

- [@article@The Core Terraform Workflow](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/intro/core-workflow)
```
